updated faq and submit pages (#62)
emergencyindex/emergencyindex.com: _submit/submission-FAQ.md

  <dt>Q: Do you accept every submission?</dt>
  <dd>Not exactly. We have very specific guidelines for submissions, which require BOTH (1) explaining the purpose or genre of the work, as well as (2) describing some aspect of its actual performance. If these requirements, along with other guidelines specified on the submission form, are met, submissions will be accepted. In some cases, <em>INDEX</em> editors will contact you for text revisions, clarifications, or ask for changes to your submitted image; if we do not receive a response, your submission will not be included. (So please make sure you include an email address that you check regularly!)</dd>

  <dt>Q: If I have been published in a previous volume, can I still submit a performance for the current volume?</dt>
  <dd>A: Absolutely! However, please note that we can accept only one submission per artist/group per volume. If you submitted a 2020 performance last year, we may ask you to choose between that and the 2021 submission, since both will appear in the same volume.</dd>

  <dt>Q: What kind of image should I submit?</dt>

>   <dd>A: Though photos are preferable, any image (a photo, a drawing, a diagram, etc.) is acceptable if you think it is relevant to the work. Images will be printed in black and white, so please submit them in grayscale. Images must be 5×7 300dpi tiff files and may be in portrait or landscape orientation. Please credit the artist or photographer when you send us the image, and make sure you have permission/copyright to publish it. Please send your image when you complete the submission form.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A: Though photos are preferable, any image (a photo, a drawing, a diagram, etc.) is acceptable if you think it is relevant to the work. Images will be printed in black and white, so please submit them in grayscale. Images must be 5×7 300dpi tiff files and may be in portrait or landscape orientation. Please credit the artist or photographer when you send us the image, and make sure you have permission/copyright to publish it. Please include your image with your submission form.</dd>
```

hmm, i feel like this is more specific?

Author: OH yeah I think that's great.
